add FAQs from PR-6687 (#6911)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-integration/continuous-integration-faqs.md

Yes, you can use the [Harness Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/harness/harness/latest/docs/resources/platform_pipeline).

> ### When using the --no-push option in a Harness build step, where is the locally built image stored ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When using the --no-push option in a Harness build step, where is the locally built image stored?
```

> Harness doesn't store the built image directly with --no-push in Kaniko builds; Kaniko stores layers locally (e.g., `/kaniko`) and requires [exporting as an image or tarball](https://github.com/drone/drone-kaniko/blob/main/cmd/kaniko-docker/main.go#L191) for using in subsequent steps. For more information, go to the [`--tar-path`flag description](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko/tree/cf9a334cb027e6bc6a35c94a3b120b34880750a9?tab=readme-ov-file#flag---tar-path) in the Kaniko readme. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness doesn't store the built image directly with `--no-push` in Kaniko builds; Kaniko stores layers locally (e.g., `/kaniko`) and requires [exporting as an image or tarball](https://github.com/drone/drone-kaniko/blob/main/cmd/kaniko-docker/main.go#L191) for using in subsequent steps. For more information, go to the [`--tar-path`flag description](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko/tree/cf9a334cb027e6bc6a35c94a3b120b34880750a9?tab=readme-ov-file#flag---tar-path) in the Kaniko readme. 
```

### In a CI/CD pipeline using Drone CI and the drone-aws-sam plugin, how can you pass multiple arguments to the AWS SAM build command? 
When using the drone-aws-sam plugin in a Drone CI pipeline, you can pass multiple arguments to the AWS SAM build command by specifying them in the `build_command_options` field of the plugin configuration. The arguments should be separated by spaces and enclosed in double quotes if they contain spaces or special characters. Here's an example:

```
build_command_options: "--no-cached --debug --parameter-overrides 'ParameterKey=KeyPairName, ParameterValue=MyKey ParameterKey=InstanceType, ParameterValue=t1.micro'
```

> ### A background service consistently generates logs containing "SIGQUIT: quit PC=0x46d441 m=0 sigcode=0..." messages during a specific stage execution. These messages appear only in logs scraped from the container and streamed to an external monitoring tool, not directly in the CI/CD platform logs.What are some potential causes of this behavior, and what general troubleshooting steps can I take to identify the root cause?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### A background service consistently generates logs containing "SIGQUIT: quit PC=0x46d441 m=0 sigcode=0..." messages during a specific stage execution. These messages appear only in logs scraped from the container and streamed to an external monitoring tool, not directly in the CI/CD platform logs. What might be causing this, and how can I troubleshoot it?
```

Harness runs the service defined in the background step in a separate go-routine, which will be available until the lifetime of the stage. The service gets automatically killed during cleanup after the execution of the stage.

> The container logs you're seeing basically mean that the go-routine has received the termination signal, most likely during pod clean-up. It does look like the logs are quite verbose, which could indicate that debug mode is enabled for this particular step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container logs you're seeing mean that the go-routine has received the termination signal, most likely during pod clean-up. It does look like the logs are quite verbose, which could indicate that debug mode is enabled for this particular step.
```

> ### Is there a Public API in CI to obtain the day-by-day usage breakdown of Mac VMs for the account?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Is there a public API in CI to obtain the day-by-day usage breakdown of Mac VMs for the account?
```
